1. MASJID KUBAH EMAS
Masjid Dian Al Mahri or better known as the Golden Dome Mosque located on Jalan Maruyung raya, Kel. Meruyung, District Limo, Depok City. This magnificent mosque with a capacity of 20 thousand pilgrims stands firmly on an area of ??70 hectares. The mosque was built in April 1999 by a philanthropist, businessman from Banten named Hj Dian Juriah Maimun Al Rashid, wife of Drs H. Maimun Al Rashid, who bought the land of this area since 1996. The plan, in addition to the mosque, this land will be made Islamic Center . Later there will be da'wah agencies, and homes. All these buildings are part of the concept of developing an integrated area called the Islamic Center Dian Al-Mahri.

Masjid Dian Al Mahri opened to the public on December 31, 2006, to coincide with the second Idul Adha 1427 H that year. Its construction has been ongoing since 1999, but it was only opened to the public on December 31, 2006. After Eid al-Adha prayer, the owner of the mosque directly inaugurated this mosque. There are about 5 thousand pilgrims who follow the procession inauguration of this mosque.

This mosque is called the Golden Dome Mosque, as the name implies this mosque is using gold materials with 3 techniques of installation: first, gold powder (prada) mounted on the crown / pillars, both gold plating contained in hanging lamps, mezzanine stair ralling, mezanin fence , ornament calligraphy calligraphy on the ceiling of the dome and decorative ornament above the mihrab pulpit, the third solid gold mosaic found in the main dome and the dome of the tower.

The mosque's administrators and managers did not disclose information about the total cost of construction and also the overall gold weight of the mosque complex. There is only gold thickness information that coats the dome. Each dome has a gold thickness of 2 to 3 millimeters. The gold dome is then coated again with a crystal mosaic.



2.MASJID RAYA BAITURRAHMAN
Baiturrahman Great Mosque is a mosque of Sultanate of Aceh built by Sultan Iskandar Muda Mahkota Alam in 1022 H / 1612 AD Beautiful and magnificent buildings similar to the Taj Mahal in India is located right in the heart of Banda Aceh and the center of all activities in Aceh Darussalam.

When the Kingdom of the Netherlands attacked the Sultanate of Aceh on the second Dutch army aggression on Shafar Moon 1290 Hijri / 10 April 1873 AD, Baiturrahman Great Mosque was burned. Then, in 1877 the Dutch rebuilt the Baiturrahman Great Mosque to attract the attention and dampen the anger of the Acehnese. At that time the Sultanate of Aceh was still under the rule of Sultan Muhammad Daud Syah Johan Sovereign who was the last Sultan of Aceh.

As a historic place that has high artistic value, the Baiturrahman Grand Mosque becomes a religious tourism object that is able to make every tourist who come chuckle awe at the history and beauty of architecture, where Baiturrahman Great Mosque is one of the most beautiful mosque in Indonesia that has stunning architecture, carving an attractive, spacious courtyard with a Turkish-Ottoman Ottoman Turkish bath pool and will be very cool when inside this mosque.


3. MASJID RAYA BANDUNG
Masjid Raya Bandung West Java Province, formerly known by the name of the Great Mosque of Bandung is a mosque located in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia. The status of this mosque is as a provincial mosque for West Java. This mosque was first built in 1810, and since its establishment, the Grand Mosque has experienced eight times the reshuffle in the 19th century, then five times in the 20th century until it was renovated again in 2001 until the inauguration of the Great Mosque Bandung 4 June 2003 which was inaugurated by the Governor of West Java at that time, HR Nuriana. The new mosque, which is Arabic in style, replaces the old Grand Mosque, which is characteristic of Sundanese.

Masjid Raya Bandung, as we see today, there are two twin towers on the left and right sides of the 81 meter high mosque which is always open to the public every Saturday and Sunday. The roof of the mosque was replaced from the joglo roof into a large dome on the central roof and the smaller on the left-right roof of the mosque as well as the mosque walls made of high quality natural stone. Now the total land area of ??the mosque is 23,448 m² with a building area of ??8,575 m² and can accommodate about 13,000 worshipers.



4. MASID AS SAFINATUN NAJAH
This ship-shaped mosque named Safinatun Najah Mosque inspired from the story of Noah when saving himself using the ship. The ship's mosque has a building area of ??about 2,500 square meters and is built on 7.5 hectares of land located on Jalan Kyai Padak, RT 05/05, Podorejo Village, Ngaliyan District, Semarang Regency.

Safinatun Najah Ngaliyan Mosque has the exact same shape as the ship, complete with windows, stern and bow. The mosque of this ship has three floors, other than used as worship, later Safinatun Najah Shipboard will also be used as a library, meeting room and health clinic. Now Safinatun Najah Shipbuilding Semarang is becoming viral in social media because of its unique shape, no wonder if every day Safinatun Najah Ship Mosque is always crowded by people around the pensaran. Ship Mosque was initiated by Kyai Haji Ahmad from Pekalongan. "The founder of the Safinatun Najah Mosque is Kyai Haji Ahmad from Pekalongan, the ships from this mosque are inspired by Noah's ark" said Muhammad (52) in charge of the mosque project.



5. MASJID CHENG HO PANDAAN
We must be familiar with the figure of Laksamana Muhammad Cheng Hoo. He is a sailor and explorer from mainland China who is also a Muslim. And to honor his services in spreading Islam in Indonesia, especially Java Island, in several big cities in Indonesia built a mosque that has Chinese architecture such as in Surabaya, Jember, Purbalingga, Semarang, Palembang and Batam.

And one of the locations is located in the district of Kec. Pandaan, Kab. Pasuruan, Prop. East Java. Muhammad Cheng Hoo Mosque was built in 2003 and newly inaugurated on the date. 27 June 2008 by Pasuruan Regent at that time. The location is very strategic because it is centered in the city and located on the main road (Surabaya-Malang line) or about 150 meters from Terminal Pandaan. Adjacent to Pandaan Fruit Market.

It's been 3 years I always do tarawih prayers here. If not alone anyway? usually with brother and nephew. Although the area is not too broad but the atmosphere is quite comfortable and safe. The mosque consists of 2 floors: 1st floor (below) which is used as meeting room, study room, ablution room, toilet & KM while the second floor is used as a place of prayer. Not far from the location of the mosque there is a culinary center, ngelencer shop and fruit market (now Cheng Hoo tourism market) .h Noah's ark "said Muhammad (52) in charge of the mosque project.

