1. KEBUN BUAH MANGUNAN
Kebun Buah Mangunan Bantul - The area of ??Yogyakarta is rich in natural attractions, from the western part of Yogyakarta to the southern part of Yogyakarta a lot of beautiful tourist attractions. Talking about the tourist attractions in Bantul, Especially if it touches about the attractions of the Garden of Mangunan, you must be made curious. Some people may not know what it is tourism Buah Mangunan Bantul this, but for users of active instagram that follows the tourist spots or beautiful places in Bantul has been spelled popular for them.

This Mangunan fruit garden is a place where visitors can see the stunning natural scenery from the hills, enjoy the morning with the beautiful sunrise, and visitors can feel the freshness of the fruit contained in this orchard. The interesting thing and become the visitors desire is to see the sunrise of Buah Mangunan Bantul. If the weather is sunny and friendly, visitors will be treated to the view of the hill above the clouds like on the top of the mountain.



2. CANDI RATU BOKO
The site of Queen Baka or Candi Boko (Javanese language: Candhi Ratu Baka) is an archaeological site which is a complex of a number of remaining buildings located approximately 3 km south of the Prambanan Temple complex, 18 km east of Yogyakarta City or 50 km southwest City Surakarta, Central Java, Indonesia. The site of Queen Baka is situated on a hill at an altitude of 196 meters above sea level. The total area of ??the complex is about 25 ha. [1]

This site displays the attributes as a place of activity or a residential site, but the exact function is not known clearly. [2] Ratu Boko is thought to have been used by people in the 8th century during the Sailendra (Rakai Panangkaran) of the Medang Kingdom (Mataram Hindu). Viewed from the pattern of laying the remains of buildings, allegedly this site is a former palace (king's palace). This opinion is based on the fact that the compound is not a temple or a building with a religious nature, but a fortified palace with evidence of the remains of a castle wall and a dry trench as a defensive structure. [3] Remnants of residential settlements are also found around the site.

The name "Queen Baka" comes from the legend of the local community. Ratu Baka (Javanese, literal meaning: "king of stork") is the father of Loro Jonggrang, which is also the name of the main temple at the Prambanan Temple complex. This building complex is associated with local folk legend Loro Jonggrang. [1]

Administratively, the site is located in two dukuh areas, Dukuh Dawung, Bokoharjo Village and Dukuh Sumberwatu, Sambireja Village, Prambanan Sub-district, Sleman Regency, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.

This site is nominated to UNESCO to become a World Heritage Site since 1995.



3.CANDI PRAMBANAN
Prambanan Temple or Roro Jonggrang Temple is the largest Hindu temple complex in Indonesia built in the 9th century AD. This temple is dedicated to Trimurti, the three major Hindu gods of Brahma as the creator god, Vishnu as the nurturing deity, and Shiva as the god of destruction. Based on the inscription of Siwagrha the original name of this temple complex is Siwagrha (Sanskrit meaning 'House of Shiva'), and indeed in garbagriha (main room) this temple resides in the statue of Shiva Mahadewa as high as three meters indicating that in this temple Shiva god takes precedence.

The temple complex is located in Prambanan, Sleman and Prambanan sub-districts of Klaten, approximately 17 kilometers north-east of Yogyakarta, 50 kilometers southwest of Surakarta and 120 kilometers south of Semarang, just on the border between Central Java province and Yogyakarta Special Region. [ 2] Its location is very unique, Prambanan Temple is located in the administrative area of ??Bokoharjo village, Prambanan, Sleman, while the entrance of the Prambanan Temple complex is located in the administrative area of ??Tlogo village, Prambanan, Klaten.

This temple is including UNESCO World Heritage Site, the largest Hindu temple in Indonesia, as well as one of the most beautiful temples in Southeast Asia. The architecture of this building is tall and slender in accordance with the Hindu architecture in general with the Shiva temple as the main temple has a height reaching 47 meters looming in the middle of a smaller cluster of temple complexes. [3] As one of the grandest temples in Southeast Asia, Prambanan temple attracts tourists from all over the world. [4]

According to the inscription of Siwagrha, this temple began to be built around the year 850 AD by Rakai Pikatan, and continues to be developed and expanded by Balitung Maha Sambu, during the Medang Mataram empire.

Administratively, the site is located in two dukuh areas, Dukuh Dawung, Bokoharjo Village and Dukuh Sumberwatu, Sambireja Village, Prambanan Sub-district, Sleman Regency, Yogyakarta, Indonesia.

This site is nominated to UNESCO to become a World Heritage Site since 1995.




4. PANTAI PARANGTRITIS
Parangtritis Beach is located 27 km south of Jogja City and easily reached by public transportation which operates until 17.00 hours or private vehicle. Afternoon sunset is the best time to visit this most famous beach in Yogyakarta. But if you arrive faster, it could not hurt to ride to Cliff Gembirawati behind this beach. From there we can see the entire area of ??Parangtritis Beach, the south sea, to the horizon.

Pssst, YogYES will tell you a secret. Not many people know that to the east of this cliff hidden a ruin of the temple. Unlike the other temples located in the mountains, Gembirawati Temple just a few hundred meters from the lips Parangtritis Beach. To get to this temple, we can pass the road uphill near Queen of the South Hotel and then enter the path to the west about 100 meters. The faint rumbling of the fierce southern sea waves can be heard from this temple.

Parangtritis beach is very close to the legend of Ratu Kidul. Many Javanese believe that Parangtritis Beach is the gateway of Empress Empress of the South which controls the southern sea. Hotel Queen of the South is a resort named after this legend. Unfortunately this resort is now rarely open when it used to have a view that can make us hold your breath.



5. TAMANSARI
Taman Sari Yogyakarta or Taman Sari Keraton Yogyakarta (Taman Sari Keraton Yogyakarta) is the site of the former garden or palace gardens of Ngayogyakarta Hadiningrat Palace, which can be compared with the Bogor Botanical Gardens as the gardens of Istana Bogor. This garden was built at the time of Sultan Hamengkubuwono I (HB I) in 1758-1765 / 9. Initially, the park that received the title "The Fragrant Garden" has an area of ??more than 10 hectares with about 57 buildings such as buildings, bathing pools, suspension bridges, water canals, and artificial lakes along the artificial islands and underwater aisles. The garden used effectively between 1765-1812 originally stretched from the southwest of the Kedhaton complex to the southeast of the Magangan complex. But now, the only remnants of Taman Sari can be seen only in the southwest of the Kedhaton complex.

It is said that Taman Sari was built in the former royal palace, Pesanggrahan Garjitawati, founded by Susuhunan Paku Buwono II as a horse-drawn carriage place to go to Imogiri. As head of development project Taman Sari Tumenggung Mangundipuro. All development costs are borne by the Regent of Madiun, Tumenggung Prawirosentiko, bestrta all the people. Therefore Madiun area is exempted from taxation. In the midst of construction the project leader was taken over by Prince Notokusumo, after Mangundipuro resigned. Although officially a royal garden, but some buildings indicate Taman Sari serves as the last bastion of defense if the palace is attacked by the enemy. It is said that one of the architect of this royal garden is a Portuguese better known as Demang Tegis.

Taman Sari Complex at least can be divided into 4 parts. The first part is an artificial lake located in the west. The next section is a building located in the south of the artificial lake, among others Umbul Binangun Bath. The third part is Pasarean Ledok Sari and Garjitawati Pond located south of the second part. The last part is the eastern part of the first and second parts and extends eastward to the southeast of the Magangan complex.
