3.PANTAI JOGAN
Jogan Beach, a hidden beach in Yogyakarta that is unique. Because on this beach there is a waterfall that is located dibibir beach. In addition to unique jogan beach is still natural and quiet visitors.

The phenomenal waterfall of jogan beach is almost never dry, When the dry season there is still water that flows just a very small debit. Time to visit this beach is best when the transition between the rainy season to the dry season.


 
In jogan beach, to enjoy the splash of jogan beach waterfall, visitors must descend down the cliff by climbing from karnag to coral and as a grip mounted wood to hold on.


4. PANTAI NGLAMBOR
Want to snorkel in Yogya? Beach Nglambor is the place. Usually it is not the mind to snorkel on the south coast in Yogyakarta, because the waves are great with strong currents.

It turns out there are beach spot for snorkeling in Yogya; Beach Nglambor.

This unique beach is shaped like a small lagoon, so the water flow is relatively quieter than the other shoreline that is open off. However, we still have to be careful because of the nature of the strong south coast.

Water on the beach is also very clear, so while snorkeling ntar we can see clearly the various fish and marine life in the surrounding coral reefs.

On this beach there are two large rocks, watu kalong and watu kangkul, which is fixed in the mouth of the beach. Because of the position of these two rocks the waves on the beach Nglambor not so great.


5. PANTAI KUTE
Kuta Beach is a tourism place located in Kuta district, south of Denpasar City, Bali, Indonesia. This area is a tourist destination of foreign tourists and has become a mainstay tourist attraction of the island of Bali since the early 1970s. Kuta Beach is often referred to as sunset beach (sunset beach) as opposed to Sanur beach. In addition, I Gusti Ngurah Rai Airfield is located not far from Kuta.

Before becoming a tourist attraction, Kuta is a trading port where local products are traded to buyers from outside Bali. In the 19th century, Mads Lange, a Danish trader, came to Bali and established a trading base in Kuta. He is an expert in negotiating himself well-known among Balinese and Dutch kings. [1]

Furthermore, Hugh Mahbett published a book entitled "Praise to Kuta" which invites local people to prepare tourist accommodation facilities. The goal is to anticipate the explosion of tourists visiting Bali. The book then inspired many people to build tourist facilities such as lodging, restaurants and entertainment venues.