1.PINTU LANGIT DAHROMO
Located in a row of beautiful hills stretching southeast of Bantul, Bukit Dahromo enliven the tour in Mangunan with some really cool photo spots. Despite offering tours similar to the tourist attractions around Mangunan, but the location of Pintoe Langit Dahromo is worth a visit.

In the tourist area Pintoe Sky is not only presents a spot of the Door alone, there is also kok spot photo wing model dragonflies and various other best photo spots.

For you who want selfie with a partner with an affordable price, then this Sky Door can be the right choice.


2. BUKIT LINTANG SEWU
Have you ever wondered where did the eucalyptus oil come from? No need to curious anymore, because in Bukit Lintang Sewu you will be served with panorama of eucalyptus forest is charming, cool and beautiful.

If lucky, the Alap-Alap Bird (a kind of small eagle), you can see passing in a row of eucalyptus trees, to prey on quails nesting in the roots of eucalyptus trees.

The name of Bukit Lintang Sewu is taken from the Java language which means "Bukit Seribu Bintang". Because in addition to seeing the beautiful sunset, from Bukit Lintang Sewu we can also see the beauty of the city lights flickering when the night that looks like a star on earth.


3. PULAU CINTA
As the name is Cinta Island, this one island will definitely make your partner more in love. The island is located in Tomini Bay, Gorontalo, North Sulawesi has some cottages that circle to form the heart, that's why this place is called Love Island.

Here you will be presented with exotic blue sea water with white sand that is so tempting. So no need all the way to the Maldives, because Indonesia also has an exotic marine tourism nan romantic.



4. GILI TRAWANGAN
Lombok is famous for its beautiful beaches. One of them is Gili Trawangan. Gili Trawangan is one of the coastal tourist destinations suitable for you to visit with your partner.

This beach presents a panoramic view of natural beauty. Not only blue sea water and seductive white sand, Gili Trawangan has a beautiful panorama under the sea for you to enjoy. Moments of romance you can create with your partner here. You can enjoy the beautiful evening sky in Gili Trawangan while sitting together on the swing is available there.


5. PANTAI SAWANGAN
Not only Lombok is famous for its beautiful beaches, in Kebumen there is a beach behind the hill like a hidden paradise. The state of the beach here is really still natural. With the appearance of the blue sea and clear, sandy white sand and surrounded by hills really complete scenery.

For you who visit with your partner, must photograph in one of the latest spot that is rattan "I Love You" at dusk or early morning is really romantic moment.

