1. WONOSOBO
Wonosobo is a district in Central Java Province. The capital is Wonosobo. It is adjacent to Temanggung and Magelang regencies in the east, Purworejo regency in the south, Kebumen regency and Banjarnegara regency in the west, and Batang regency and Kendal regency in the north.

Wonosobo district stood July 24, 1825 as the district under the Sultanate of Yogyakarta after the battle in the Diponegoro War. Kyai Moh. Ngampah, who helped Diponegoro, was appointed as the first bupati with the title of Kanjeng Raden Tumenggung (K.R.T.) Setjonegoro.

Most of Wonosobo regency is mountainous. East (border with Temanggung Regency) there are two volcanoes: Gunung Sindoro (3,136 meters) and Mount Sumbing (3,371 meters). The northern region is part of the Dieng Plateau, with its peak Mount Prahu (2,565 meters). To the south, there is Wadaslintang Reservoir.

The capital of Wonosobo regency is in the middle of the Regency area, which is the upstream area of ??Kali Serayu. Wonosobo crossed the provincial road connecting Semarang-Purwokerto.


2. HUTAN PINUS MANGUNAN
Puncak Mangunan Forest is part of the Mangunan Forest Management Resort (RPH) located not far from Imogiri, Bantul, Yogyakarta. Therefore, people often call it the name of Imogiri Pine Forest. In this area, travelers can see the row of pine trees that erect soaring beautifully.

Thousands of pine trees in the Imogiri Pine Forest stand upright in an area of 500 Ha. When the wind blows, the leaves will emit a distinctive aroma of pine forest is sharp. No wonder if many are looking for peace when visiting the Imogiri Pine Forest.

With a lush pine forest backdrop, you can get a Hollywood-style photo setting. Not only for pre wedding, but many travelers who come to the Imogiri Pine Forest with family or friends to take pictures there.


3. TANGKUBAN PERAHU
Tangkuban Parahu or Mount Tangkuban Perahu is one of the mountains located in West Java Province, Indonesia. Approximately 20 km to the north of Bandung City, with lush pine trees and expanse of tea gardens in the vicinity, Mount Tangkuban Perahu has a height of 2,084 meters. The shape of this mountain is Stratovulcano with an eruption center that moves from east to west. The type of rock that is released through the eruption is mostly lava and sulfur, the mineral released is sulfur sulfur, a mineral that is released when the inactive volcano is sulfur vapor. The area of Gunung Tangkuban Perahu is managed by Perum Perhutanan. Its daily average temperature is 17 ° C at noon and 2 ° C at night.

Mount Tangkuban Perahu has a forest area of Dipterocarp Hill, Upper Dipterocarp Forest, Montane forest, and Ericaceous Forest or mountain forest.


4. BUKIT TRANGGULASIH
The slopes of Mount Slamet in the northern city of Purwokerto save a variety of hidden panoramic beauty. Yes, some areas near Mount Slamet will not be separated with a variety of landscapes landscapes of various shapes.

Baturraden is one such example. Located under Mount Slamet, Baturraden Loka Tour presents a variety of natural attractions and also offers some educational rides for the surrounding community, tourists who come from domestic and even abroad.

But who would have thought if we go deeper around the foot of Mount Slamet there is one hill that presents the charm of the landscape that is not less interesting with Loka Tour Baturraden. The hill is called Bukit Tranggulasih.

Tranggulasih Hill is located north of the city center and directly adjacent to Baturraden Sub-district, precisely the location of Tranggulasih Hill is located in Windujaya Village, Kedungbanteng Sub-district, Banyumas Regency.


5. DANAU TOBA
Lake Toba is a large tekto-volcanic natural lake that occupies the caldera of a supervulkan. This lake has a length of about 100 kilometers, a width of about 30 kilometers, and a depth of up to 505 meters (16666 feet), located in North Sumatra Province, Indonesia. Lake Toba is the largest lake in Indonesia and Southeast Asia. In the middle of this lake there is a volcanic island called Samosir Island.
