1. JOGJA BAY
Jogja Bay Waterpark is a new waterpark in Jogjakarta (just 2 years old). For entry tickets for us people of Jakarta is not much different with other waterpark equivalent (125 thousand during peak season). There is a locker rental and a gazebo rental at an additional cost. For his own ware there are some fairly extreme slides, no need to rent tires because the tires are available near the slide area.

In addition there is a current pool, wave pool that he said was made a simulation of the tsunami, big enough indeed but the condition is still safe to play water. It is recommended for those who bring children under 7 years old to be equipped with live vest, because when the waves appear, the water depth can reach 2 meters more.

For food and drink not allowed to be brought in, bags were searched in front of the entrance. whereas if buy inside is quite expensive if for the culinary size of Jogjakarta.



2. UPSIDE DOWN
Upside Down Worl Jogja is a vehicle for self-portrait and wefie ria with anti gravity effects from behind the lens. In Upside Down World Jogja there are 12 different spots that we can create a scene with a unique style because there is a room that diverse upside down. Here also we can creativity to get the best photo pose and make us more cool.


3. ANCOL
Taman Impian Jaya Ancol is a tourist attraction in North Jakarta. As a community of renewal of people's life that became the pride of the nation. Always create a better social environment through quality entertainment offerings of art, culture and knowledge, in order to realize the Life Re-Creation community which is the nation's pride.

Taman Impian Jaya Ancol itself has many rides like beach and park, fantasy world (dufan), atlantis, ocean rink, sea world, mermaid cottages, ancol golf course, marina, art market, retail ,, hailai executive club, cable car ( gondolas), bowling, culinary tours, and much more.


4. TAMAN NASIONAL WAY KAMBAS
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word Lampung? Her fragrant coffee and her famous elephant captivity? Yes, no one, Lampung is indeed one tourist destination that is right for you who want to see the captivity of this large-bodied mammal. It is the Way Kambas National Park located in Labuhan Timur Subdistrict, Lampung. Tourist attractions run by the Ministry of Forestry was first built in 1985 and is the first elephant school in Indonesia. In addition to a place of conservation and training of elephants, in TNWK there is also International Rhino Foundation which functioned as a breeding ground for rhinoceros from extinction. To get here, you will only be charged a ticket of Rp30,000 per person. Very cheap, is not it?


5. KOTA LAMA
Semarang city is the capital of Central Java Province. Semarang itself is a city that is quite unique because it has a variety of tourist attractions, ranging from historical tours, nature tourism, cultural tourism, culinary, and so forth. Well, one of the historical sights in Semarang is quite famous and still visited by tourists to this day is the Old Town area. In ancient times, the colonial Dutch colonial heritage area is a trade center with an area of about 31 hectares. Here, many ancient Dutch architectural buildings are full of historical value, among them are Tawang Station, Tawang Water Polder, Blenduk Church, Mberok Bridge, and shopping area. Also because the city is designed like the cities in the Netherlands, the Old Town area of Semarang dubbed The Little Netherlands.
