1.MEUGANG
Meugang is a typical tradition of the people of Aceh which has been going on since hundreds of years ago in the Kingdom of Aceh led by Sultan Iskandar Muda. At that time Sultan Iskandar Muda cut the animals in large quantities and his flesh was distributed throughout the community, ahead of the coming of Ramadan.

The people of Aceh held the Meugang tradition for three times a year, during Ramadan, Idul Fitri and Idul Adha. Welcoming Ramadan, the Meugang tradition takes place one day before Ramadan in the countryside. While in urban Aceh, Meugang lasted two days before the month of fasting.

In this tradition, the people of Serambi Mecca will cook meat and enjoy it with family, relatives and orphans as a form of gratitude for 11 months earning a living.

In addition to goats and cows, chickens and ducks are also slaughtered. Meat cooked at home, after which the people of Aceh flock to bring the dish to the mosque to eat together with neighbors.


2. NYOROG
This is a typical tradition of Betawi society. Nyorog is a tradition of distributing food parcels to older families such as Father, mother, mother-in-law, uncle, grandfather or grandmother. The custom of sending this parcel is still ongoing until now although the contents of the parcels have changed with the times.

When the first contents of the parcel is cooked foods such as vegetables or side dishes, now changed by sending a parcel containing biscuits, coffee, sugar, syrup, and others. For the Betawi people, the Nyorog tradition is meaningful as a sign of reminding each other that Ramadan is coming soon, as well as how to strengthen the relationship.


3. MEGIBUNG
Megibung is a tradition of welcoming Ramadan regularly held by the Muslim community in Bali. Precisely in Kepaon Islamic Village, Karangasem, the eastern part of the Island of the Gods. Megibung event held on the day to 10, 20 and 30 days of fasting.

This tradition was introduced by Raja Karangasem namely I Gusti Agung Anglurah Ketut Karangasem around the 17th century AD. Megibung comes from the word gibung which means the activities of sharing, sitting around and eating together with rice and side dishes on the tray.

Until now, Megibung is still sustainably done by the people of Karangasem, especially those who are Muslims.


4. MALAMANG
Tradition Malamang or make lemang into a special ritual minang community in West Sumatra welcomed the coming of the fasting month. Malamang means making lemang, which is the food of glutinous rice put into bamboo reeds grounded banana leaf. Then, the lemong was doused with coconut milk and roasted with firewood for several hours. This activity makes lemang is called Malamang.

Malamang became a typical tradition of West Sumatra society while welcoming important days in the Islamic calendar. Lemang, usually served with tapai sipuluik made from black or red sticky rice.


5.DUDGERAN
Dugderan is a typical tradition of Semarang people in order to welcome the fasting month of Ramadan. This tradition has been going on since the 19th century that started from the event of determining the beginning of fasting in the month of Ramadan. Understandably, there are often differences in determining the first day of fasting.

Dugderan tradition has now become like a very festive folk party in Semarang. There is Japin Dance, procession or carnival until the drum tabug. This event is a long-awaited Semarang people's annual tradition. The highlight of the Dugderan event remains with the early tradition of the announcement of the beginning of Ramadan fast.

Besides enlivened by the sound of drum and cannon, Dugderan folk feast also enlivened the presence of a Dugderan mascot named Warak Ngendog. This is a goat-headed mascot with a dragon's head complete with scaly skin of colorful paper and comes with boiled eggs. The presence of boiled eggs as a marker that the animal is laying eggs. It is also a sign that when the first Dugderan, Semarang in the middle of food and egg crises became a luxury food.
